Sister Qinglian is awake
Could it be that this bright moon is really capable?
Interesting how it goes
Is it relieved?
It doesn't seem to hurt too much.
It was you.
You are suffering from a cold during your period.
Severe dysmenorrhea caused by accumulation over time
Has triggered gastrointestinal cramps
Anemia halo
This is atropine and ibuprofen.
Can relieve your stomach cramps and pain
If you don't feel well, just take two capsules.
Thank you, Sister Mingyue
Every month
I will be tortured to death
But now I really don't feel the pain anymore
You still need to pay more attention to rest.
Can Sister Mingyue also diagnose and treat me?
I also want my sister Mingyue to treat us too
I don't know if Sister Mingyue can do it?
Mingyue, my mother is also getting old
Also a little uncomfortable
You see
Take your time, don't worry.
There's plenty of time.